I pray to win.
Masaya "Amsa" Chikamoto

Life is this crazy, mystical thing, and sometimes you go out like a buster.
Joseph "Mango" Marquez

I'm proof that a nobody can become number one.
Jason "Mew2king" Zimmerman

Please understand.
Satoru Iwata

Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Ferris Bueller

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill

Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Winston Churchill

If you're going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchill

To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
Winston Churchill

Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill

Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
Robert Frost

The best way out is always through.
Robert Frost

We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle

It is the mark of an educated man to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle

Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the men of old; seek what they sought.
Basho

What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do.
John Ruskin

Don't ever wrestle with a pig. You'll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
Cale Yarborough

An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn't take his education too seriously.
Charles F. Kettering

The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
Lily Tomlin

To understand is hard. Once one understands, action is easy.
Sun Yat-sen

You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam

Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself.
John Dewey

Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.
Albert Einstein

When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity.
Albert Einstein

The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Albert Einstein

The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
Albert Einstein

A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Albert Einstein

The only source of knowledge is experience.
Albert Einstein

Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Albert Einstein

Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Arthur C. Clarke

The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
Isaac Asimov

The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Mark Twain

There are lies, damned lies, and statistics.
Mark Twain

Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
Mark Twain

There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
George Bernard Shaw

I've missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
Michael Jordan

Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius

It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Confucius

If Plan A doesn't work, the alphabet has 35 more letters.
Claire Cook

Be so good they can't ignore you.
Steve Martin

Be nice to geeks; you'll probably end up working for one.
Bill Gates

Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time.
Steven Wright

Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Hector Berlioz

Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Theodore Roosevelt

Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
Robert H. Schuller

Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Victor Kiam

Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
Philip Sidney

There is always room at the top.
Daniel Webster

It always seems impossible until its done.
Nelson Mandela

Innovation is serendipity, so you don't know what people will make.
Tim Berners-Lee

When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Elon Musk

It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.
Elon Musk

Aut inveniam viam aut faciam. (I shall either find a way or make one.)
Hannibal

Veni, vidi, vici. (I came, I saw, I conquered.)
Julius Caesar

Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I'll try again tomorrow.
Mary Anne Radmacher

Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.
F. Scott Fitzgerald

Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
James A. Michener

A champion is someone who gets up, even when he can't.
Jack Dempsey

It's not whether you get knocked down; it's whether you get up.
Vince Lombardi

I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders.
Jewish Proverb

All things are difficult before they are easy.
Thomas Fuller

Failure is the mother of success.
Chinese Proverb

They never said winning was easy.
DJ Khaled

Another one.
DJ Khaled